{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19480\viewh6600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
#Manuscript Title: 
\f1\b0 Hypoxia extinguishes the competition for mates at high elevations
\f2 \

\f0\b Year: 
\f1\b0 2025
\f2 \

\f0\b \'a0
\f2\b0 \

\f0\b #File Name: 
\f1\b0 elevation.ss.csv
\f2 \

\f0\b #Description: 
\f1\b0 linear sexual selection coefficients on body size in natural populations of animals across elevation
\f2 \

\f0\b #Rows: 
\f1\b0 184, excluding the header. Each row corresponds to an estimate of directional sexual selection on body size measured using the Lande-Arnold (1983) approach. Data taken from the comprehensive Siepielski et al. 2017 (Science) meta-analysis\

\f0\b #Columns: 
\f1\b0 8. 
\f3\i StudyID, Species, Taxon.group, Endo.Ecto, linear.coefs, elevation, ses, abs.Lat\
\
# StudyID. Numeric identifier corresponding to the studies in the Siepielski et al. 2017 dataset\
# Species. Species on which sexual selection was measured\
# Taxon.group. Whether the species was a vertebrate or invertebrate\
# Endo.Ecto. Whether the species is an endotherm or an ectotherm\
# linear.coefs. Coefficients of directional sexual selection on body size (standardized covariance between body size and mating success as per Lande & Arnold 1983, Arnold & Wade 1984). When selection gradients were available, gradients were used. When selection gradients were not available, selection differentials were used. \
#elevation. Elevation of study population (m asl)\
# ses. Standard error of the selection coefficient\
# abs.Lat. Absolute value of the latitude of the study population
\f2\i0 \
}